hello how is it going this is the first
episode welcome to see food and today
for the first episode ever on the
channel we are going to be starting a
career mode playing with the one and
only accrington stanley so close it
either don't know although most see you
won't i am john t i will be your host
for today and we're going to be playing
accrington stanley on career mode i will
be the manager and but yeah first things
first i would say welcome to my new
channel and i'm probably gonna be
posting here weekly weekly videos on
career mode mostly and and it should be
fun and just hope you subscribe and most
most importantly I hope you enjoy the
video and as you can see i am going to
go england and no but this premier
league because i think it's a bit easy
when you start off as that i've done
that so many times so go into football
league two and then accrington stanley
there and we could have picked another
team and as you can see in comparison to
everyone else the wage budget is so
small i'm you've got a 925 dolls in
there as you can see and backwards and
suddenly have the smallest way to put
you and they're also the worst team in
the league which is half a star and the
weekly wage butcher is 21,000 as well
and when you've got 18,000 taken away
you're left with two three thousand bleh
and so it's not good it's not easy but
we're going to do it and anyway i'm
going to replay non-professional that's
probably going to be quite hard
considering your team is so bad but i'm
just gonna give it a shot anyway my name
I think maybe adequan maybe um you know
I'm feeling to Kwan no no no not the
corn
I suppose we could put the clones status
maybe clip on stage I suppose now let's
change that let's make it Gimli let's do
let's do Kim Lee Gimli from load the
Rings great trilogy haven't seen that
you go and watch that right now why you
watch this video I'm second name I don't
know you know what let's go Game of
Thrones let's make him Gimli Stark
is from House Stark he's a he's a good
warrior and not English that's a bit
conventional uh we go Irish you should
be Irish no no no island okay um strange
how about let's just go down well just
make him Welsh Gimli is is well if you
didn't know and he's going to be in a
souped um gray fair skin because I Gimli
does have fair skin slurs make him fair
skinned obviously stocky because he's a
little stocky Gimli purse advance there
this is the fifa 14 you know global
transfer market which i don't think
anyone watches I don't watch at least
because it just wastes time at container
apparently excited about the future with
stark now they are joining house stark
not not no one else and not Tyrells no
one else ruffians can just go away we
are stark let's load this up Gomez set
florentina move unfortunately can't buy
a nice guns Florentina a white one
without to afford him anyway let's just
name this Gimli I'm not really sure you
spell Gimli and if any of you guys when
I correct me oh oh great hard to learn
before the 1i toward a large quite happy
why anyway I thought that'd be okay and
here we are this is it mine
you bored I'm here currently secondly
weekend's been a so standard and loads
of boring messages from people I don't
care about I'm probably not gonna reach
the round of 32 like the asta but I'll
give it my best I think it's best to
probably have a look at the team now and
see what kind of thing we're working
with we got here wow this is bad this is
very bad Weber wowza 78 spin speed
that's not it's not terrible could be
worse uh what else have we got okay so
I'm gonna end it here now and because
well you know it's time to go and for
this episode we're done next game join
us we're playing our first game of the
season pre-season friendly I hope we win
and but yeah thanks for watching this
has been fevered I've been jaunty I hope
you've enjoyed the video see you later